Guard against spaces in HIP_PATH on Windows (#216)
ROCm/hipRAND: CHANGELOG.md

Documentation for hipRAND is available at
[https://rocm.docs.amd.com/projects/hipRAND/en/latest/](https://rocm.docs.amd.com/projects/hipRAND/en/latest/).

## hipRAND-2.12.0 for ROCm 6.5.0

### Changed

> * When building hipRAND on Windows, please use `HIP_PATH` (instead of the former `HIP_DIR`) to specify the path to your HIP SDK installation.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* When building hipRAND on Windows, use `HIP_PATH` (instead of the former `HIP_DIR`) to specify the path to the HIP SDK installation.
```

  * When building with the `rmake.py` script, if `HIP_PATH` is not set, it will default to `C:\hip`.
  
### Resolved issues

> * Fixed an issue that was causing hipRAND build failures on Windows when the HIP SDK was installed to a location whose path contained spaces.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* Fixed an issue that was causing hipRAND build failures on Windows when the HIP SDK was installed to a location with a path that contains spaces.
```
